Fix nanopore fasta input being incorrectly channeled (#518)
nf-core/taxprofiler: CHANGELOG.md

### `Fixed`

> - [#516](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/516) Fixed a bug where Oxford Nanopore FASTA input files would not be processed (❤️ to @ikarls for reporting, fixed by @jfy133)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#518](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/518) Fixed a bug where Oxford Nanopore FASTA input files would not be processed (❤️ to @ikarls for reporting, fixed by @jfy133)
```

> - [#516](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/516) Fixed a bug where Oxford Nanopore FASTA input files would not be processed (❤️ to Ida Karlsson for reporting, fixed by @jfy133)

Author: ```suggestion
- [#516](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/516) Fixed a bug where Oxford Nanopore FASTA input files would not be processed (❤️ to @ikarls for reporting, fixed by @jfy133)
```
